[Excel](Custom Functions) Updates to CFs for Shared Runtime (#1835)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-save-state.md

[A more detailed code sample on GitHub](https://github.com/OfficeDev/PnP-OfficeAddins/tree/master/Excel-custom-functions/AsyncStorage) gives an example of passing this information to the task pane.

The following methods are available on the `storage` object:

- getItem
- getItems
- setItem
- setItems
- removeItem
- removeItems

> - getKeys

Reviewer: Consider formatting these with code ticks.

> [!NOTE]
There's no method for clearing all information (such as `clear`). Instead, use `removeItems` to remove multiple entries at a time.

> [!NOTE]
> The JavaScript-only runtime doesn't have access to the Document Object Model (DOM), so it can't use jQuery or other libraries which rely on the DOM.

## Requesting external data

> Within a custom function, you can request external data by using an API like [Fetch](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) or by using [XmlHttpRequest (XHR)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest), a standard web API that issues HTTP requests to interact with servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within a custom function, you can request external data by using an API like [Fetch](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) or by using [XmlHttpRequest (XHR)](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest), a standard web API that issues HTTP requests to interact with servers.
```

> Within the JavaScript runtime used by custom functions, XHR implements additional security measures by requiring [Same Origin Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy) and simple [CORS](https://www.w3.org/TR/cors/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the JavaScript runtime used by custom functions, XHR implements additional security measures by requiring [Same Origin Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/Security/Same-origin_policy) and simple [CORS](https://www.w3.org/TR/cors/).
```

Note that a simple CORS implementation cannot use cookies and only supports simple methods (GET, HEAD, POST). Simple CORS accepts simple headers with field names `Accept`, `Accept-Language`, `Content-Language`. You can also use a `Content-Type` header in simple CORS, provided that the content type is `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`, `text/plain`, or `multipart/form-data`.

> ## Finding an addressing cell's context parameter

Reviewer: Consider removing the "ings" from the header.
```suggestion
## Find an addressing cell's context parameter
```

> ## Finding an addressing cell's context parameter

Reviewer: Also, the term "addressing" seems weird. I'm not exactly sure what it means. It that used a lot in this doc set?

> In some cases you need to get the address of the cell that invoked your UI-less custom function. This is useful in the following scenarios:

Reviewer: Brevity suggestion:
```suggestion
In some cases you need the address of the cell that invoked your UI-less custom function, such as in the following scenarios:
```
